Hooks refactor (#9)
sofiapoh/react-dynamic-data-workshop: README.md

### Lifecycle and rendering

> We've heard about React effects already, they are a place to do side-effects. In our case we'll want to run a data fetching function once the component mounts into the dom. Sounds familiar? Let's create an effect with `React.useEffect()` where we'll call `getUserData`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've heard about React effects already, they are a place to do side-effects such as fetching data. In our case we'll want to run a data fetching function once the component mounts into the dom. Sounds familiar? Let's create an effect with `React.useEffect()` where we'll call `getUserData`.
```

```javascript
React.useEffect(() => {
  const username = "sofiapoh";
  getUserData(username).then(data => console.log(data));
}, []);
```

> Don't forget the second argument to `useEffect`—the empty array. This will tell React to only run the effect once (you don't want to make thousands of requests in a row and get blocked by Github).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't forget the second argument to `useEffect`—the empty array. This will tell React to only run the effect once (you don't want to make thousands of requests in a row and get rate limited by Github).
```

Reviewer: Also, since this is a common gotcha in `useEffect` maybe it makes sense to have a little explanation to _why_ it might run loads of times without the second argument

Author: Good idea. Will post the suggestion separately since apparently you can't commit suggestions on an "outdated" comment

Reviewer: Cool!

> Don't forget the second argument to `useEffect`—the empty array. This will tell React to only run the effect once (you don't want to make thousands of requests in a row and get rate limited by Github).

Author: ```suggestion
Don't forget the second argument to `useEffect`—the empty array. This will tell React to only run the effect once. Without this your component will re-render every time you update your state, which will re-run the effect, which will update state, which will re-render your component, which will re-run the effect... (you don't want to make thousands of requests in a row and get rate limited by Github).
```

### Stretch goals

> - Refactor the children of both class components into presentational functional components.

Reviewer: No more classes so this should probably change!

Author: Ah good catch

Author: ```suggestion
- Refactor the children of both stateful components into separate files and pass the state values down to them
```
